[docs] Add Transporter info to build page (#6443)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v35.0.0/distribution/building-standalone-apps.md

* **To run it on your iOS Simulator**, first build your expo project with the simulator flag by running `expo build:ios -t simulator`, then download the tarball with the link given upon completion when running `expo build:status`. Unpack the tar.gz by running `tar -xvzf your-app.tar.gz`. Then you can run it by starting an iOS Simulator instance, then running `xcrun simctl install booted <app path>` and `xcrun simctl launch booted <app identifier>`.
* **To test a device build with Apple TestFlight**, download the .ipa file to your local machine. You are ready to upload your app to TestFlight. Within TestFlight, click the plus icon and create a New App. Make sure your `bundleIdentifier` matches what you've placed in `app.json`.

> > **Note:** You will not see your build here just yet! You will need to use [Xcode or Transporter app](https://help.apple.com/app-store-connect/#/devb1c185036) to upload your IPA first. Once you do that, you can check the status of your build under `Activity`. Processing an app can take 10-15 minutes before it shows up under available builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You will not see your build here just yet! You will need to use Xcode or [Transporter](https://apps.apple.com/app/transporter/id1450874784) (previously known as Application Loader) to upload your IPA first. Once you do that, you can check the status of your build under `Activity`. Processing an app can take 10-15 minutes before it shows up under available builds.
```
